This is Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgo-gerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch.
The longest name in the UK.
And I needed two weeks to teach it
And that's what nursing words are doing; we learn long words
because it's interesting
let's learn that, ok the longest word, technically, in English is about 100,000 characters long
but that's the product name so it does not actually count
We found that the longest word in the river pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis.
but this is not taken into account because it is a professional word.
So we learned that the longest was not the expert word in the river
floccinaucinihilipilification.
but it does not matter because that word is deliberately sketched
with the intent to be a long word
and it means "to be meaningless"
what is really ironic.
Deliberately.
Then we learned that the longest non-technical, not deliberately worded in English
"Antidisestablishmentarianism"
but this is not used in everyday speech
Language does not generally support,
or English language is not supported
dugi rijeci.
Because they are uncomfortable,
because they are unexplored,
because they slow everyone down.
We have cut the "internet" into the "net" of my people,
because the three slogans are over.
This is not the real name of the place
No one calls this place like this
it was a publicist Victorian era.
Even years later,
I recite this name to you
because it is now a tourist attraction.
The dense river is here because they are interesting,
not because someone actually uses them.
The longest word I use: "internationalization"
what is the term in technology.
Which is 20 letters too long,
which is long enough to hack into the i18n
when it is written.
Actually, unattractive,
it's not hard to say, it's not something to remember.
But so does the language work
if it is not practical, shrink it.
It could not have come from any other
but for publicity.
Something you probably did not know.
Translation: Bojan